This is still very much under development and I haven't had a lot of time to work on it. 

Harpy is a module for parsing HTTP Archive 1.2.

More information on the HTTP Archive specification can be found here:
http://www.softwareishard.com/blog/har-12-spec/

There are some extensions made to the spec to guarantee that the
original request or response can be perfectly reconstructed from the
object. It should always be the case that a request or response that
is rendered in to an object using Harpy, can be rendered back from the
object to a raw request or response that is exactly the same as the
original. Some libraries are lossy, Harpy is lossless. 

This software is designed to be used for web testing, specifically
security testing. Focus, therefore, has been placed on reproducibility
and quick parsing of large datasets.

One of the design goals of this library is to make usage simple. This
code should work the way you think it would work. There are several
ways to use Harpy and these will be different depending on the goal of
the software using it.

Constructing an object from scratch should be as easy as instantiating
the object::

    In [0]: hc = HarContainer()

    In [1]: hc
    Out[1]: <HarContainer: (empty)>

    In [2]: print hc
    {}
    
Some objects have default values which are pre-set::

    In [3]: r = Request()
    
    In [4]: r
    Out[4]: <Request to 'http://example.com/': ('cookies', 'url', 'queryString', 'headers', 'method', 'httpVersion')>

To not set default values on object creation disable default settings::

    In [5]: r = Request(defaults=False)
    
    In [6]: r
    Out[6]: <Request to '[undefined]': (empty)>
    
    In [7]: print r
    {}

Also notice that the `repr` of an object contains the most relevant
information about the object. This is different depending on the
object type, but it will always contain a list of the object's direct
children. If there are no children, the child list will show as
(empty).

A har object can also be initialized from a string of json, a file
that contains json, or a dictionary::

     In [8]: r = Request(r'{"cookies": [], "url": "http://example.com/foobarbaz", ...)
     
     In [9]: r
     Out[9]: <Request to 'http://example.com/foobarbaz': ('cookies', 'url', 'queryString', 'headers', 'httpVersion', 'method')>
     
     In [10]: hc = HarContainer(urlopen('http://demo.ajaxperformance.com/har/google.har').read())
     
     In [11]: hc
     Out[11]: <HarContainer: ('log',)>
     
     In [12]: hc = HarContainer(open('./google.har'))
     
     In [13]: hc.log.entries[0].request
     Out[13]: <Request to 'http://www.google.com/': ('cookies', 'url', 'queryString', 'headers', 'httpVersion', 'method')>

Some objects, such as requests and responses, can consumed from raw::

     In [14]: raw
     Out[14]: 'GET / HTTP/1.1\r\nHost: localhost:1234\r\nUser-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; Ubuntu; Linux i686; rv:13.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/13.0\r\nAccept: text/html,application/xhtml+xml,application/xml;q=0.9,*/*;q=0.8\r\nAccept-Language: en-us,en;q=0.5\r\nAccept-Encoding: gzip, deflate\r\nConnection: keep-alive\r\n\r\n'
     
     In [15]: r = Request()
     
     In [16]: r.devour(raw)
     
     In [17]: r
     Out[17]: <Request to 'http://localhost:1234/': ('cookies', 'url', 'queryString', 'headers', 'method', 'httpVersion')>

These objects can also be rendered back to raw::

      In [18]: r.puke()
      Out[18]: 'GET / HTTP/1.1\r\nHost: localhost:1234\r\nUser-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; Ubuntu; Linux i686; rv:13.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/13.0\r\nAccept: text/html,application/xhtml+xml,application/xml;q=0.9,*/*;q=0.8\r\nAccept-Language: en-us,en;q=0.5\r\nAccept-Encoding: gzip, deflate\r\nConnection: keep-alive\r\n\r\n'

For polite people there's an alias::

    In [19]: help(Request.render)
    Help on method render in module __main__:
    
    render(self) unbound __main__.Request method
        Return a string that should be exactly equal to the
	original request.

This code is also intended to work well in comprehensions. For
example, it's trivial to write a list comprehension to get a list of
all URLs requested in a HAR::

    In [20]: [ e.request.url for e in hc.log.entries ]
    Out[20]: 
    [u'http://www.google.com/',
     u'http://www.google.com/intl/en_ALL/images/srpr/logo1w.png',
     u'http://www.google.com/images/srpr/nav_logo13.png',
     ...
     u'http://www.google.com/csi?v=foo']

It is likewise trivial to search for items, or associate requests and
responses. For example, finding the response code for each url
requested if the url contains 'www.google.com' can be easily done::

    In [21]: [ (e.request.url, e.response.status) for e in hc.log.entries if 'www.google.com' in e.request.url ]
    Out[21]: 
    [(u'http://www.google.com/', 200),
     (u'http://www.google.com/intl/en_ALL/images/srpr/logo1w.png', 200),
     ...
     (u'http://www.google.com/csi?v=foo', 204)]

We can also use comprehensions to generate objects that can be used to
make new requests. The replace method makes this simple. Here is the
example from the replace docstring::

    In [0]: [ r.replace(url='http://foo.com/%d/user' % i)
                for i in xrange(10) ]
    Out[0]: 
    [<Request to 'http://foo.com/0/user': ...
     <Request to 'http://foo.com/1/user': ... 
     <Request to 'http://foo.com/2/user': ... 
     ...
     <Request to 'http://foo.com/9/user': ... ]

BUG WARNING: In Python, timezone information is not populated into
datetime objects by default. All time objects must have a time zone
according to the specification. The dateutil module is used to manage
this. All things without timezones will be localized to the user's
time. This can be configured by changing har.TIMEZONE. This may be a
bug waiting to bite.

As development continues more functionality will be added. Currently
Harpy is one project. In the future Harpy will be split in to
Harpy-core and Harpy-utils. Harpy-core will be only the code necessary
for implementing the HAR specification. Harpy-utils will be a set of
additional modules and scripts that assist in testing, such as request
repeaters and spiders.

It is intended that Harpy be self documenting. All information needed
to use this module should be possible to gain from introspection. If
it ever fails to be easy to use or well documented, please suggest
improvements. If Harpy ever fails to be either lossless please file a
bug report.


